Julio is the best player on the planet. Long-time Mariner fans know there’s been a black hole in left field since Raul Ibanez manned the position. The revolving door has included Milton Bradley, Rickie Weeks, Nori Aoki, and many more imports. Most recently, Jesse Winker stood out near Edgar’s Cantina and racked up one of the worst defensive seasons (-16 DRS). With Winker possibly on his way out, per MLB Insider J.P. Morosi, it’s time to turn our attention to Andrew Benintendi. The former #1 overall prospect has lost the shine, but he is still a valuable player, especially for a club like the Mariners, who value those who “Control the Zone” and play solid defense. Last season, Benintendi finished with a .305/.370/.399 slash line between the Royals and Yankees, amassing 2.8 WAR. The power numbers are concerning, but that’s been his M.O. since 2021 when he emphasized drawing walks and making contact. As for the defense, the 28-year-old left fielder played over 1,000 innings in 2022, racking up 214 putouts and no errors. For his career, he’s only made 15 miscues in six years of service time. His defensive runs saved is a robust 25 over that time. Consider him as the anti-Winker in this regard. Projections for the outfielder expect some regression (2.3 WAR) with a decrease in batting average and on-base percentage. However, the STEAMER model thinks he’ll sell out for a little more power next season. While left field is typically one of the power positions, roster construction and other moves come into play as Jerry Dipoto and Justin Hollander determine where the team will generate extra-base hits. The team could land one of the premier shortstops, adding speed and power up the middle instead of in left field. The Mariners would value Andrew Benintendi’s CTZ habits and excellent defense more than most teams. Additionally, he was a big piece of some Red Sox playoff teams, including a World Series winner in 2018. That playoff experience would help solidify the clubhouse, especially if Mitch Haniger signs elsewhere. Offering Benintendi a four-year deal isn’t the splashy move for which most of us check social media 20 times daily. Most fans are looking for the names Nimmo and Yoshida. Still, signing the seven-year veteran could pay big dividends toward improving lineup construction, offensive approach, and postseason experience. These are all things this team needs to take the next step. So, it’s time to start the campaign, “Bring in Benintendi.” That sure sounds catchy! Who’s with me? The Seattle Mariners have had one of the fastest starts to the offseason by already completing two trades. First, they acquired OF Teoscar Hernandez from the Toronto Blue Jays in exchange for RHP Erik Swanson and LHP Adam Macko. Then they dealt OF/DH Kyle Lewis to the Arizona Diamondbacks for C/OF Cooper Hummel. With the addition of a corner outfielder already, the Mariners should turn their attention to shortstop Dansby Swanson. The Mariners should turn their attention to upgrading at shortstop because their middle infield is one of the places that they haven’t gotten enough production from to compete with the Astros. The Astros have a veteran stalwart at second base in Jose Altuve, as well as an up-and-comer at shortstop in Jeremy Peña who had a great postseason. Last season the Mariners ran out J.P. Crawford and Adam Frazier, who are a far cry from Houston’s duo. Last season, Altuve (6.6) and Peña (3.4) combined for 10.0 WAR while Frazier (1.1) and Crawford (2.0) combined for just 3.1 WAR according to Fangraphs. With Frazier leaving as a free agent, the Mariners should prioritize adding a player similar to the level of Jose Altuve to make their middle infield less of a disadvantage for the Mariners. In 2022, Swanson had his best offensive year yet. He was worth 6.4 WAR while slashing .277/.329/.447 with 25 home runs, 18 stolen bases, 96 RBI, and 99 runs scored leading to a 116 wRC+. Those numbers really emphasize how well-rounded Swanson is as a player. He doesn’t hit for the highest average, get on base the most, or hit the most homers. However, he does every single thing well. Swanson just is a very good player. He also is an iron man and has played in all but two games in the last three seasons for Atlanta. Swanson would give the Mariners the offensive punch up the middle that the Astros have, take pressure off of Crawford, and slide him to second base where he profiles better offensively. Not only is Swanson the type of player who would fit well in the Mariners lineup, but Swanson would also statistically be an upgrade defensively over Crawford at shortstop as well. In Outs Above Average, Crawford was in the second percentile while the Vanderbilt product was number one in the 100th percentile. Fangraphs heavily favors Swanson as well; Swanson had a 21.4 Defensive WAR while Crawford had a -1.5. While Mariners fans would be quick to defend their Gold Glover, I would agree with them. Defensive metrics are not the best way to judge a player, and I personally would say that the gap between Swanson and Crawford is smaller than the numbers suggest. I would give the edge to Swanson, and say that Crawford had one of his worst years defensively, committing a career-high 14 errors compared to Swanson’s 8 errors in 2022. Adding Swanson would benefit the Mariners defense because they could move Crawford to second base, giving Seattle two Gold Glove shortstops up the middle of their defense. That is something that would give the Mariners an edge over many teams, and that is something that they relied upon greatly in 2022, and should look to improve in 2023. Slotting the handsome Dansby Swanson in at the 2-hole in the Mariners lineup for the greater part of a decade to come would be a great way to add to a team that needs to take the next step. Signing Dansby Swanson helps the Mariners go from good to great, and they don’t have to trade any assets for him, they just have to pay him, and he is not going to hamper them from making other moves down the road, and he should be the shortstop the M’s target. Imagine, just for a minute. It’s a playoff game for the Mariners. The leadoff man slaps a grounder over between SS and 3B. It’s not hit terribly soft, and a play could be made on most runners. The 3B fields it, looks up and eats the ball. No play. He steals second. Ty France then sprays one into RF, and the runner easily sprints home, sliding, gliding, and effortlessly popping up out of his slide. Trea Turner scores and the Mariners have a 1-0 lead. Doesn’t that sound great.The Mariners should make every effort possible to sign Trea Turner in Free Agency. It’s not going to be cheap. Trea Turner is one of the top free agents in all of baseball this year, and it’s for a good reason. He’s a stud. A monster. A legit game-changer on offense who can affect the game every single time he steps to the plate. Seriously, he’s one of the most dangerous weapons in baseball, and it’s not just speed either. Check out his average stats from the last four seasons. That is why Dansby Swanson would be a great fit in Seattle. With all that said about why Swanson is a good fit offensively and defensively in Seattle, a large reason that the former number one overall pick is a great fit compared to the other shortstops on the market is his price. He will cost less than Carlos Correa, Trea Turner, or Xander Bogaerts most likely. MLB Trade Rumors predicts a 9YR/$288M contract for Correa, 8YR/$268M for Turner, 7YR/189M for Bogaerts, and 7YR/$154M for Swanson. That is just $22 million a year, and at the end of the deal, Swanson would only be 35 because he will play at age 29 in 2023. I firmly believe that giving Swanson $20-25 million per year for 6-8 years to get the deal locked in is worth it. Dansby Swanson at 7 YR/160M sounds like a great addition for the Mariners. Adding a proven winner to the organization would add a presence to the clubhouse that the Mariners do not have. Dansby Swanson has won at every level. He won a National Championship at Vanderbilt and brought home a World Series title to Atlanta. He can come in and be the icing on a very good Mariners cake. He can be a leader to take the Mariners all the way to the World Series, showing them what it takes from a proven winner and leader. ow, I multiplied out his 2020 stats to make them a full season’s worth, but that should be a given, or else it makes the player’s averages look a lot worse. Could you imagine having a guy like that in front of Suarez, France, and Julio? I’m getting all excited just thinking about it. He’s even decent at short too, putting up an average of 0.76 dWAR going back to his sophomore season. That’s pretty good, and he’s been consistent with it as well, always sitting between 0.2 and 1.6. I’d be totally fine moving Crawford over to 2B if it meant Turner was coming on board. I don’t think there should be much argument about it when you can add an MVP candidate to the team. Look at where he has finished in MVP voting over the last four years. Like I said earlier, and like many of you already know, it’s not going to be cheap. Turner is going to be fighting with Bogaerts and Correa for the highest AAV handed out to a SS this offseason. I don’t know if they are going to get to the $34.1 that Lindor got from the Mets. I also don’t think that it is going to be as long, either. Lindor got 10 years. I don’t see anyone handing that out to a SS that is already entering his age-30 season. His birthday is June 30, so he is literally the last person on the age cutoff. It’s a ton of money. I know that. $33.1 per year, just a bit behind Lindor. Guess what? If the Mariners are serious about owning this decade, which is a real possibility if things break right, then this is the type of move that they need to make. They said they want to go out and get a superstar, now they need to prove it.